Modern languages subject page (#4141)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/explore-subjects/modern-languages.md

---
title: Become a modern languages teacher
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>

>   By teaching pupils modern languages, you can help them gain a greater appreciation and understanding of the world. As they learn French, Spanish or German, your pupils will get a unique insight into the countries that speak these languages.</p>

Reviewer: There are ITT courses in other languages such as Italian, Japanese, Mandarin and Russian

Should we mention these somewhere on the page (not necessarily here)?

  <p>

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$ or scholarships of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ are available for eligible trainee modern languages teachers.</p>

Reviewer: I think this needs wording more carefully - scholarships are only available for French, German and Spanish - bursaries are available for all modern languages

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$ or scholarships of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ are available for eligible trainee modern languages teachers.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 
Bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesother$ are available for all trainee language teachers. These bursaries include ancient languages.

If you're training to teach French, German or Spanish, then you could be eligible for a scholarship of $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$.</p>
```

> ---

Reviewer: Should we change the URL of this page to be `languages`?

title: Become a languages teacher
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>

>   By teaching pupils languages, you can help them gain a greater appreciation and understanding of the world. As they learn a new language, your pupils will get a unique insight into the countries that speak these languages.</p>

Reviewer: Is there any way to reword this - it's a bit repetitive re `languages`?
